Add kate to editors list (#2375)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: EDITORS.md

[Ruby LSP plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/24413-ruby-lsp)

## Kate

[Kate - LSP Client Plugin](https://docs.kde.org/stable5/en/kate/kate/kate-application-plugin-lspclient.html) runs solargraph server by default.
To set it up with ruby-lsp you need to put that in your LSPClient plugin's "User Server Settings":

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```json
```

{
  "servers":
  {
    "ruby": {
      "command": ["ruby-lsp"],
      "rootIndicationFileNames": ["Gemfile", "Gemfile.lock", "gems.rb", "gems.lock", "Rakefile"],
      "highlightingModeRegex": "^Ruby$"
    }
  }
}
```

> Kate then runs an instance of ruby-lsp in the background for every project indicated by the "rootIndicationFileNames".

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Kate then runs an instance of ruby-lsp in the background for every project indicated by the `rootIndicationFileNames`.
```

[Ruby LSP plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/24413-ruby-lsp)

## Kate

[Kate - LSP Client Plugin](https://docs.kde.org/stable5/en/kate/kate/kate-application-plugin-lspclient.html) runs solargraph server by default.

> To set it up with ruby-lsp you need to put that in your LSPClient plugin's "User Server Settings":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use it with Ruby LSP, you can configured the LSP Client Plugin "User Server Settings" as shown below:
```

```json
{
  "servers":
  {
    "ruby": {
      "command": ["ruby-lsp"],

>       "rootIndicationFileNames": ["Gemfile", "Gemfile.lock", "gems.rb", "gems.lock", "Rakefile"],

Reviewer 2: Let's remove `Rakefile` here. I know the current `solargraph` config has it, but the others are sufficient for identifying a Ruby codebase.

Author: I changed the proposed user configuration to only include necessary items and removed the `rootIndicationFileNames` entirely. The items of the user configuration are merged with the standard configuration, so that unchanged items can be omitted. This is also reflected in the description text.

>       "highlightingModeRegex": "^Ruby$"

Reviewer 2: Let's also add `"url": "https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp",`

>       "highlightingModeRegex": "^Ruby$"

Reviewer 2: This _might_ need adjusted for ERB.

    }
  }
}
```

> Kate then runs an instance of ruby-lsp in the background for every project indicated by the `rootIndicationFileNames`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kate will start an instance of the Ruby LSP server in the background for any Ruby project matching the `rootIndicationFileNames`.
```

> If starting ruby-lsp succeeds, the entries in the LSP-Client menu are activated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If starting Ruby LSP succeeds, the entries in the LSP-Client menu are activated.
```
